+++
title = "Futurama"
description = ""
date = 2021-05-23
tags = ["filerama"]
draft = false
+++

Generated By: [filerama](http://fillerama.io/)

# Is the Space Pope reptilian!?

When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults. Yeah, lots of people did. Really?! Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away! You mean while I'm sleeping in it?

Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty? Hello, little man. I will destroy you! Soothe us with sweet lies. __Ooh, name it after me!__ *But I've never been to the moon!* Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it.

## A sexy mistake.

For the last time, I don't like lilacs! Your 'first' wife was the one who liked lilacs! Throw her in the brig. Fetal stemcells, aren't those controversial? Our love isn't any different from yours, except it's hotter, because I'm involved.

1. Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
2. Do a flip!
3. OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can.

### Bender?! You stole the atom.

Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious. Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died. OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd.

* And from now on you're all named Bender Jr.
* Bender?! You stole the atom.
* Who are you, my warranty?!

So, how 'bout them Knicks? No argument here. No! The kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires! Um, is this the boring, peaceful kind of taking to the streets? Say it in Russian!

With gusto. Say it in Russian! Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.

Large bet on myself in round one. When will that be? Please, Don-Bot… look into your hard drive, and open your mercy file! I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe!

I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. You are the last hope of the universe. Aww, it's true. I've been hiding it for so long. Throw her in the brig.

You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Large bet on myself in round one. Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men. And I'm his friend Jesus. One hundred dollars.

Shut up and take my money! Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them. Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon.

I could if you hadn't turned on the light and shut off my stereo. The alien mothership is in orbit here. If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.

Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy. Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my sexual inhibitions? Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them?

I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. Then we'll go with that data file! Okay, I like a challenge. The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well made bed. You will practice until you can make your bed in your sleep.

I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him. OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera.

Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory. It's a T. It goes "tuh". I'll get my kit! Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"!

