+++
title = "The Simpsons"
description = ""
date = 2021-05-22
tags = ["filerama"]
draft = false
+++

Generated By: [filerama](http://fillerama.io/)

# How is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive?

Son, when you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or lose: it's how drunk you get. Duffman can't breathe! OH NO! I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman.

How is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. __Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive?__ *When will I learn?* The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV!

## I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my homosexuals flaming.

How is education supposed to make me feel smarter? Besides, every time I learn something new, it pushes some old stuff out of my brain. Remember when I took that home winemaking course, and I forgot how to drive? We started out like Romeo and Juliet, but it ended up in tragedy.

1. Attempted murder? Now honestly, what is that? Do they give a Nobel Prize for attempted chemistry?
2. I hope I didn't brain my damage.
3. Duffman can't breathe! OH NO!

### What's the point of going out? We're just going to wind up back here anyway.

Well, he's kind of had it in for me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog. Actually, replace "accidentally" with "repeatedly" and replace "dog" with "son." Last night's "Itchy and Scratchy Show" was, without a doubt, the worst episode *ever.* Rest assured, I was on the Internet within minutes, registering my disgust throughout the world.

* Oh, loneliness and cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix.
* Son, when you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or lose: it's how drunk you get.
* Yes! I am a citizen! Now which way to the welfare office? I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I work, I work.

Get ready, skanks! It's time for the truth train! "Thank the Lord"? That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no place within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an organized religion.

When will I learn? The answers to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on TV! Uh, no, you got the wrong number. This is 9-1…2. I was saying "Boo-urns." Slow down, Bart! My legs don't know how to be as long as yours.

Oh, loneliness and cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix. I hope this has taught you kids a lesson: kids never learn. Here's to alcohol, the cause of — and solution to — all life's problems. And here I am using my own lungs like a sucker.

Me fail English? That's unpossible. This is the greatest case of false advertising I've seen since I sued the movie "The Never Ending Story." Fame was like a drug. But what was even more like a drug were the drugs.

Brace yourselves gentlemen. According to the gas chromatograph, the secret ingredient is… Love!? Who's been screwing with this thing? "Thank the Lord"? That sounded like a prayer. A prayer in a public school. God has no place within these walls, just like facts don't have a place within an organized religion.

You don't win friends with salad. Oh, loneliness and cheeseburgers are a dangerous mix. I didn't think it was physically possible, but this both sucks *and* blows. You don't win friends with salad. Please do not offer my god a peanut.

What's the point of going out? We're just going to wind up back here anyway. I don't like being outdoors, Smithers. For one thing, there's too many fat children. Save me, Jeebus. Dear Mr. President, There are too many states nowadays. Please, eliminate three. P.S. I am not a crackpot.

Jesus must be spinning in his grave! Donuts. Is there anything they can't do? Yes! I am a citizen! Now which way to the welfare office? I'm kidding, I'm kidding. I work, I work. Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true!

I'll be back. You can't keep the Democrats out of the White House forever, and when they get in, I'm back on the streets, with all my criminal buddies. Uh, no, they're saying "Boo-urns, Boo-urns." Fat Tony is a cancer on this fair city! He is the cancer and I am the…uh…what cures cancer?

Oh, I'm in no condition to drive. Wait a minute. I don't have to listen to myself. I'm drunk. Aaah! Natural light! Get it off me! Get it off me! I can't go to juvie. They use guys like me as currency. …And the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the night. On a lighter note, a Kwik-E-Mart clerk was brutally murdered last night.

Hi. I'm Troy McClure. You may remember me from such self-help tapes as "Smoke Yourself Thin" and "Get Some Confidence, Stupid!" Mrs. Krabappel and Principal Skinner were in the closet making babies and I saw one of the babies and then the baby looked at me.

